[release-3.6] Add 3.6.1 release note CVE references (#1183)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/edge-book/releasenotes.adoc

* Rancher Prime 2.14.2 contains several bugfixes https://github.com/rancher/rancher/releases/tag/v2.14.1[Upstream Rancher Release Notes]
* SUSE Storage (Longhorn) 1.11.2 contains several bugfixes https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/releases/tag/v1.11.1[Upstream Longhorn Bug Fixes]
* NeuVector 5.5.2 contains new features and several bugfixes https://open-docs.neuvector.com/releasenotes/5x[NeuVector Release Notes]

> * The Metal3/Ironic updates fix several bugs and security issues, including the following:

Reviewer: Just a question. Should this Metal3 be Metal^3? 

```suggestion
* The Metal^3/Ironic updates fix several bugs and security issues, including the following:
```

Author: Yeah strictly speaking it should be Metal^3 - I used this syntax to match what's in the "New Features" section above, and I know we've used this somewhat inconsistently elsewhere so perhaps it's best to merge this then I'll look at doing a follow-up to make things more consistent
